First update of KEB docs (#35)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/03-06-runtime-overrides.md

# Set overrides for SAP BTP, Kyma runtime

> > **NOTE:** Once all Kyma components become independent modules, KEB will no longer be required to send overrides to Reconciler and this document will be deprecated as irrelevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** Once all Kyma components become independent modules, Kyma Environment Broker will no longer be required to send overrides to Reconciler and this document will be deprecated as irrelevant.
```
